fix: era focus and zkevm (#397)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: content/20.zksync-protocol/80.account-abstraction/20.design.md

- **`executionGas`**: Allocates gas for the execution of the transaction.
- **`preVerificationGas`**: Specifies the gas used prior to the main verification process.

#### Unified Gas Limit in ZKsync Chains

> Contrastingly, ZKsync Chains simplifies the fee structure by using a single `gasLimit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In contrast, the ZKsync Stack simplifies the fee structure by using a single `gasLimit`
```
